---
title: Join OMA
description:
layout: doc
---

Joining OMA SpecWorks is a quick and simple process, which requires the completion of a <a href="https://www.openmobilealliance.org/documents/Website/Membership/OMA-Reference-2024-0001-General_Application.pdf" target="_blank">Membership Application</a>, including acceptance of the <a href="/documentation/Membership/OMA-Reference-2020-0001-Bylaws.pdf" target="_blank">Bylaws</a>, and the payment of [applicable dues](/omaspecworks/membership/benefits). Please note that membership applications take approximately 10 business days to be approved.

Please send completed membership application forms to the following address:

2907 Shelter Island Drive  
Suite 105-273  
San Diego, CA 92106 USA  

In addition, please email a copy to <snewberry@omaorg.org>.

For additional information please send an email to <membership@omaorg.org> or fill out the [contact form](/contact-us#send-us-your-comments).

### Newsletter 
Subscribe to the Open Mobile Alliance (OMA) [Newsletter](/newsletter) for key updates on new protocols, industry developments, events, and member activities. Stay informed and ahead in mobile standards with essential insights delivered straight to your inbox.

### Why Joining OMA?
As a member of OMA, you will be part of a global community dedicated to advancing mobile technology standards. Membership provides a unique opportunity to collaborate with industry leaders, contribute to the development of cutting-edge standards, and ensure that your organization's needs are represented in the evolving mobile ecosystem.

#### Membership Benefits:
- **Influence Standards Development:** [Contribute](/omaspecworks/get-involved) to the creation and evolution of OMA standards, ensuring they meet the needs of the industry and your organization.
- **Access to Resources:** Gain early access to draft [specifications](/specifications/search), technical documents, and working group materials.
- **Networking Opportunities:** Connect with industry peers, participate in [OMA events](/oma-events), and join specialized [working groups](/omaspecworks/collaborate/working-groups) to collaborate on specific areas of interest.
- **Voting Rights:** Participate in OMA governance and decision-making processes by having the right to vote on key issues.