---
title: LwM2M Tools
description:
layout: doc
---

### LwM2M Service API Registry
<strong>The LwM2M Registry API</strong>, developed and maintained by the Open Mobile Alliance Naming Authority (OMNA)), is a critical tool for accessing metadata information about various objects within the LwM2M ecosystem. Developed by OMA, this API allows users to retrieve detailed metadata for all object versions, specific objects, or the latest object versions through structured URLs. The API provides essential functions such as Objects Discovery and Object Retrieval, with clear error codes to guide users in case of incorrect requests. The metadata includes comprehensive details like object descriptions, identifiers, links to XML descriptions, visibility statuses, technical specifications, unique URNs, and registration ownership. This API is indispensable for developers and organizations looking to integrate or manage IoT devices within the LwM2M framework, ensuring they have access to up-to-date and precise metadata for efficient operation and development.

### LwM2M Editor / Validator
The <strong>LwM2M Editor</strong>, developed by OMA is a pivotal tool provided by the Open Mobile Alliance (OMA) for constructing and validating Objects and Resources within the LightweightM2M (LwM2M) framework. This editor facilitates the creation and management of XML-based objects and resources, ensuring compliance with the LwM2M specifications. Users can import existing OMA-registered objects, create new objects or resources, and utilize various functions such as viewing, exporting, and registering their configurations. The tool supports seamless integration with the OMNA registry and fosters collaboration through GitHub discussions, enhancing the overall efficiency and accuracy in developing LwM2M-enabled applications.

### LwM2M Developer's Kit
The <strong>OMA LWM2M DevKit</strong></a> is a powerful add-on for the Mozilla Firefox Web browser, designed to facilitate the development and testing of the OMA Lightweight M2M protocol. This tool allows developers to manually interact with an LWM2M Server directly from their browser, providing an interactive environment to explore and understand machine-to-machine communication protocols. Key features of the DevKit include support for OMA Lightweight M2M 1.0, virtual LWM2M clients, and editing capabilities for object instances and resources. The tool also offers comprehensive interfaces for client registration, device management, service enablement, and information reporting, complete with logging and visualization of LWM2M operations and their CoAP messages. Available as both a release version on the Mozilla Add-ons site and a developer version via GitHub, the OMA LWM2M DevKit is an essential resource for developers aiming to leverage the latest advancements in machine-to-machine communication technology.

### LwM2M Guidelines

This content provides guidance on how to define new LwM2M Objects and/or Resources.

>A more detailed explanation can be found in this document: [Guidelines for the Creation and Registration of LwM2M Objects & Resources](http://www.openmobilealliance.org/documents/whitepapers/OMA-ORG-Guidelines_Creation_Registration_LwM2M_Objects_Resources-V1_0_1-20190115-A.pdf)


