---
title: Policies & Terms
description:
layout: doc
---
### Document Use Agreement
IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THIS USE AGREEMENT (‘AGREEMENT’) CAREFULLY. THE OPEN MOBILE ALLIANCE (‘OPEN MOBILE ALLIANCE’) PROVIDES ACCESS TO CERTAIN DOCUMENTS TO YOU, YOUR EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AND CONTRACTORS, AND ANY OTHER ENTITY ON WHOSE BEHALF YOU ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT (COLLECTIVELY ‘YOU’), SUBJECT TO THIS AGREEMENT. THIS AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO BY AND BETWEEN THE OPEN MOBILE ALLIANCE AND YOU. BY CLICKING BELOW AFTER THE FULL TEXT THE ‘AGREE’ BUTTON YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, CLICK THE ‘DO NOT AGREE’ BUTTON. IF YOU CLICK THE ‘DO NOT AGREE’ BUTTON, YOU WILL NOT BE PROVIDED ACCESS TO THE DOCUMENTS AND AGREE THAT YOU WILL HAVE NO RIGHT TO USE THE DOCUMENTS OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED THEREIN.

[View the Complete Use Agreement]()

### Intellectual Property Rights
All OMA members operate under the same IPR policy.
In the course of specifications work, the Open Mobile Alliance receives contributions in various forms. To best facilitate the dissemination of these contributions, it is necessary to understand any intellectual property rights (‘IPR’) relating to the contributions.

[View the Complete List of IPR Policies]()

### Trademarks
The ‘OMA’ logo, ‘Open Mobile Alliance™’, ‘WAP Forum™’, ‘W@P Certified™’, ‘W@P™’, ‘SyncML™’, ‘SyncML’ logo, ‘Wireless Village™’, ‘Wireless Village’ logo and all trademarks, service marks, and logos based on these designations (‘Trademarks’) are marks of Open Mobile Alliance (the ‘Open Mobile Alliance™’) and are the subject of registrations and pending applications throughout the world. There are 2 subsections.

[View the Complete Trademark Policy]()

### Antitrust
The following documents govern the antitrust guidelines and policies of the Open Mobile Alliance:

[Antitrust Guidelines]()
[Antitrust Compliance Policy]()

### Openness Policy
Maintaining an open organization is key to OMA’s vision for broad industry participation and adoption. Being able to see and comment on early versions of documents and contributions allows external organizations to be more involved in and aware of evolving service enablers. In support of this, OMA has established an Openness policy ensuring public availability of a vast majority of the documents produced within the OMA Technical Plenary. These documents are made available for members and non-members.

[View the Complete Openness Policy]()