---
title: Registries
description: 
layout: doc
---

## OMA Registries Overview
The Open Mobile Naming Authority (OMNA) ensures seamless integration and interoperability by managing names and numbers for OMA technologies, including the Lightweight M2M (LwM2M) Registry and other active registries. OMNA simplifies the process and provides clear instructions, making it easy for users to navigate and find necessary information.

### OMA LwM2M Registry

The Lightweight M2M (LwM2M) Registry is supported by OMNA. This registry focuses on managing names and numbers specific to LwM2M implementations, ensuring seamless integration and interoperability within the LwM2M ecosystem.

By simplifying the process and providing clear instructions, we aim to make it easy for users to navigate the OMNA system and find the information they need efficiently.

The Open Mobile Naming Authority (OMNA) is responsible for managing names and numbers to ensure interoperability and compatibility among implementations using OMA technology. OMNA handles names and numbers not managed by other bodies like IANA.

## OMNA Enabler Registries
In addition to the LwM2M Registry, OMNA manages several other active registries. These registries ensure consistent use of names and numbers across various OMA technologies, supporting interoperability and compatibility among different implementations.

### How the OMNA Process Works

The OMNA process, currently based on the WINA process established by WAP, guides the allocation of names and numbers. Until an OMA-specific version is developed, use the WAP WINA process document as a reference.

### Submitting Requests for Assigned Names or Numbers

To request an OMNA assigned name or number:

1. **Fill Out the OMNA Request Form**: Select the appropriate Name Space.
2. **Review Process**: Your request will be reviewed by the OMNA Secretary and the Release Planning and Management Committee.
3. **Assignment and Recording**: Once approved, the name or number will be recorded in the OMNA database.

You can find the request form on the relevant pages listed below.

### OMNA Administration

OMNA is administered by the OMNA Secretary. If you have any comments or questions about OMNA or its processes, please contact the OMNA Secretary through the OMA Contacts page.

### OMNA Name and Number Database

OMNA maintains several name and number registries. These registries help ensure consistent use of names and numbers across implementations.

The following name and number registries are currently maintained by OMNA.

{OMNA REGISTRY TABLE}

### OMA LwM2M Registry API
The OMA LwM2M Registry API, also known as the OMNA (OMA Naming Authority), provides essential tools and information for interacting with the OMA Registry. This documentation outlines the available functionalities of the LwM2M Registry API version 1, offering comprehensive details on how to access and retrieve metadata about various objects within the registry.

**Base URL for the Registry API**:
http://www.openmobilealliance.org/api/

#### API Functions and Endpoints
##### Objects Discovery:

* **Endpoint**: lwm2m/v1/Object
    * **Description**: Retrieve a JSON file containing metadata information on all object versions.
* **Endpoint**: lwm2m/v1/Object?ObjectVersion=latest
    * **Description**: Retrieve a JSON file containing metadata information with the latest object versions.

##### Get an Object:

* **Endpoint**: lwm2m/v1/Object?ObjectID=12
    * **Description**: Retrieve a JSON file with metadata information on Object 12.
* **Endpoint**: lwm2m/v1/Object?ObjectID=12&ObjectVersion=latest
    * **Description**: Retrieve a JSON file with metadata information on the latest version of Object 12.
* **Endpoint**: lwm2m/v1/Object?ObjectID=12&ObjectVersion=1.0
    * Description: Retrieve a JSON file with metadata information on version 1.0 of Object 12.
    * >Note: When specifying an ObjectVersion other than "latest", the ObjectID must be included.
#### Error Codes
* **HTTP 400**: ObjectID must be included when ObjectVersion is set to "latest".
* **HTTP 404**: The specified ObjectID and/or ObjectVersion is not found in the registry.

### Metadata Information
The metadata provided by the API defines and classifies objects within the OMA system. This includes descriptions, object names, unique URNs, links to XML descriptions, and more. Key metadata elements include:

* **Description**: Description of the object.
* **Label**: Identifier for who has defined the object (OMA, external SDO, private registration).
* **Name**: Object name.
* **ObjectID**: Unique identifier for the object.
* **ObjectLink**: URL to the XML file describing the object, with visibility settings.
* **SpecLink**: URL to the Technical Specifications, with visibility settings.
* **URN**: Unique URN for the object.
* **Owner**: Organization name that registered the object.
* **Version**: Object version.
* **VortoLink**: DEPRECATED. URL to this object in Vorto.

This comprehensive API documentation ensures users can effectively interact with and retrieve vital information from the OMA LwM2M Registry.