---
title: OMA Specifications
description:
layout: doc
---

## Exploring OMA Specifications

Unlock the Power of OMA's Enablers: With over 220 Enablers, each available in multiple release versions, OMA offers a vast range of possibilities. Explore this wealth of information using our two simple search methods:

1. **Search by Specific Document**: Find a specific document quickly by entering its title, keyword, or document number.

2. **Search by Project or Enabler**: Explore all documents related to a particular project or Enabler by selecting the relevant category.

These methods make it easy to find the technical specifications you need.

## Search by Specific Document
Finding the right documents for each OMA Enabler Release is now easier and more efficient. Follow these steps to find the documentation you need:

1. **Search by Enabler Name**: Enter the name of the Enabler in the search bar. For more accurate results, include specific terms related to the Enabler's functionality or release version.

    * **Example**: For documents related to the "Messaging" Enabler, you might search for "Messaging Enabler v1.2".

2. **Filter Your Results**: Use the advanced filtering options to narrow down your search. You can filter by:

    * **Version**: Specify the version of the Enabler.
    * **Status**: Choose between approved, candidate, or historic releases.
    * **Document Type**: Select the type of document, such as technical specifications, guidelines, or release notes.

3. **Keyword Search**: Use keywords related to the content you need. This can include terms from the document's scope or key features of the Enabler.

> Note: The publications listed in this table include the approved versions for each OMA Enabler and the latest candidates for release versions that still need approval.

> Note: Within the Enabler filter column, the assigned number for each Enabler represents the number of associated documents for that search.

{DYNAMIC TABLES FOR DOCUMENTATION}

## Search by Project or Enabler

Our publications table includes all the resources for approved, candidate, and historic OMA Enabler Releases. Use this feature to uncover dedicated resources for each Enabler Release:

1. **Enter Keywords**: Input keywords associated with the Enabler Name to get a comprehensive breakdown of resources.
2. **Review Results**: This efficient search method will streamline your quest for information, providing a complete list of resources.

By following these steps, you can efficiently locate the OMA documentation you need, tailored to your specific requirements.

{RESOURCE TABLES PER ENABLER}

## OMA Public Documents
This section offers publicly available documents that are important resources beyond our technical specifications. These include contributions from various working groups such as Architecture, Content Delivery, and Device Management & Service Enablement, each providing valuable insights into their areas. We also have white papers on topics like managing non-IP devices in cellular IoT networks and preparing for 5G, along with guidelines for creating and registering LwM2M objects and logging reusable resources. Additionally, our repository includes Birds of Feathers sessions, an extensive OMA dictionary, and key external references, supporting comprehensive industry knowledge and sharing.

{TABLE OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS}
https://technical.openmobilealliance.org/public_documents.html
